- No vignette included for Data package. We ask that a (short, e.g., one-page)
vignette be included for data packages so other users know the provenance of the
data and how to use it. Information such as how/from where you obtained the data
and what you did to use it with your code is useful.

- Package size. The data duplicated between the raw data files and the .rda data
file swells the size of the package unnecessarily. Have you considered uploading
the raw data files to GEO and providing a script that uses the Bioconductor
GEOQuery to download your data data? This is information that would be useful in
the vignette (with eval=FALSE, of course :) ). With that change, you could just
include the .rda file, dramatically reducing the size of the package.

Vignette (main package):


- Vignette take about 13 mins to build and 13 mins to run. Per the package
guidelines document, we ask that vignettes be able to run in <5 mins. Due the
size of the data package, it seems that most of the run time for the vignettes
is devoted to crunching large amounts of data. We ask that you consider
providing a "toy" dataset for the examples in your package to run against so
that users can easily and quickly see the results of running the key parts of
your code.
   - It looks like the data you're using is easily subsettable. For examples for
which it's important that real-world data be used, how about using subsets of
the data for the sake of speed?
   - For examples that you want to run against the entire real-world dataset for
illustration purposes, you could include these in the vignette and set
eval=FALSE.

Man page:

- No \examples for code package. We ask that runnable examples be provided for
all user-facing functionality in the package. This would be a good place to use
the "toy" data set mentioned above.

R files:

- More than 80 chars/line. This isn't strictly a problem, but many users
appreciate it when lines don't exceed 80 characters.
- In a couple places you have the number of chromosomes hard-coded as 22. It
seems like this isn't an issue for the platform you're using, but thought it
should be brought to your attention.